in the network in telecom industry were
the product network product solution
providers and system vendors from the
enterprise IT industry perspective where
the ICT infrastructure solution provider
and then from a consumer site and we are
you see the smartphones over and we are
also the client site solution provider
part of devices as well so it's a
combination of the three okay this is
why way and I like to take this
opportunity to talk about how the big
data are going to drive the network
transformation ok and now how much you
know about the network infrastructure
people normally see the devices right
routers which is the optical the base
stations and so on but y'all on the
other hand the infrastructure the
typical carrier consists of a hundred of
thousands of the local exchange offices
the hubs the pups ranging from the core
macho add to the access of network it's
and the new transformation it's really
to transform all these hundreds
thousands of the Pops and local exchange
office become a cow or inated disputed
architecture this is what the cow based
network transformation and geo
distributed at intelligence and in the
cross for domains and we are familiar
with sdn okay so which decouple the
control from the highway devices for the
network so software-defined Network we
are heard about the NFP network function
used to be embedded in how're not become
virtualized which is easily scalable
okay abstract it programmable okay in
the dead plane and also we heard about
domain operation plan which move to the
the legacy silos to the death up world
and more importantly the towel in the
business transformation so how do you
enable the new business new teacher
economy where is the new value
proposition across the four domains and
its disputed architecture but logically
centralized the right slice picture
shows okay from caro as networks pass
and so on but the core of that is the
big data engine okay now these big data
engines are different from the
centralized data analytics which will
cross all these four different domains
okay and also will be widely distributed
think about this hundred thousands of
the Pops the local exchange will become
the next generation data center the
cloud were to improve the user
experiences to optimize the network this
is what are moving forward now let's
further look at it you know the how this
big data will play okay it's about six
years ago we initially you know when i
joined far away we actually quickly
build a big data team in Silicon Valley
I recruit people from google yahoo and
other places so we quickly put a big
data analytics team which largely
influenced by this open-source
initiatives in the Silicon Valley okay
so in early days we decide to take the
open-source strategy okay and back in
2010 I recall we have the two first
committers to the HBase and also through
our engagement in research with Berkeley
em LA or quickly identify sparks the
weaker immediately to Ingrid integrate
all this together so not just open
source component we focus on the system
management integrations
the other government and more
importantly security okay and we also
identify to focus on the business sector
just started with the telecom industry
and also banking industry that's what we
initially started to prove to see how we
can get engaged leverage back in 2010 ok
you can see the customer basis now we
have very much engaged and also through
the whole process we build data modeling
algorithms tools put things together now
the learning the best way to learn to
build our capability is to contribute
engage in the open source community
that's why it'll the last several years
we have been in top five contributor to
both Hadoop and spark ecosystem as you
can see the numbers of contributions and
patches and so on but through the we
take a more pragmatic approach through
this process engage with the business
who identified issues we solve the
problem we contribute back for instance
HBase we introduce the secondary index
which improve the performance by three
acts the hint acts project okay in
performance and spark we introduce
optimized new smart query rules which
improve the performance by 5x okay we
further introduced the SQL disputed
architect mph pace so enable the better
integration with spark for analytics and
applications on HDFS we introduce a
racial node just by itself and saved the
storage caused by 50% this all
contributed back we learn we build our
capability and that's the best way for
us in the play in the ecosystem and also
get to contribute to the ecosystems
that's over or our of strategies and
more art you coming
now instead of going through the
technical side I want to give you a case
in Shanghai unicom okay and which is
just about more than two years ago we
actually delivered five big data engines
to different Department business unit in
within China Unicom okay then we realize
that Big Daddy's to sharing open right
so the two CEO on both sides made a
commitment sponsor the project put all
these together across the siloed
fragment unit business unit okay it's a
big effort okay so we are talking about
you know consolidate nine legacy system
from the different business unit and
Department into a single big data
platform okay we identify them through
the engagement initially the know
exactly how to do it we identify 30
business cases across the business
department okay different domain
operation network business marketing new
cells existing business and so on so you
can see today every day now we talk
about 60 million subscribers so we moved
about 30 terabytes a day generated
analyzed so over you see the business
perspective success over the year we
measure what we actually can achieve
with this big data so here it shows you
the example the promotion success rate
in Krypton the stand user behavior
increase by 6x and now means that just
eliminate those invalid promotion save
the budget by twenty-five percent okay
the churn rate always has major issue in
China also especially for the high end
users so we improved the turn rate by
twenty one percent roughly about 200,000
subscribers will be able to real stay
with the customers with service
providers and more for new business we
talked about how to enable the new
asset value create the value
propositions so we have a more than 10
partners work together so for the
existing business we see the monetized
earning last year is about 12 million
this year actually measured and also for
new business like for this advertising
target and advertising of the real stage
and so on it creates addition of 3.2
many dollars okay that's very important
through the engagement domain knowledge
consolidation and migration the process
much go beyond this component and these
slides I want you shall go beyond you
can see the next generation of the
network talk about IOT in the new
digital world every industry okay will
become digitized okay will become
programmable through the internet go to
the cloud to create the new value
proposition horizontally vertically okay
how do we form these new analytical
ecosystems it's not just in the network
it's not just in the data center and can
also embed it into the all the industry
centers okay so how do we build such an
ecosystem that is the challenge we
thought my IOT connectivity
intelligences these connectivity not
just hand handle pasa in the data center
large of these debtors we top a big data
streaming happens at edge how do we
support this this is the challenge we
are ahead of us okay today are rather
fragmented in reality so I want to sum
up with this identified three major
challenges one is we're missing today we
call Geo disputed tears streaming
architectures analytic architectures
beyond the current more centralized data
center analytics okay look at about this
we have a hundred thousands of these
things the disputed data center in the
network
okay and secondly we lack of network
telemetry framework in SD AFVs because
today largely the data collected through
the pole through the synchronize of our
operations which is no longer valid okay
to enable the real time observation
control and on-demand to support and
finally we lack of really we need to
push forward to have this I called
end-to-end analytic equal system across
the data center centralized disputed
Network edge intelligences and IOT
network devices such that we can truly
horizontally vertically to achieve the
intelligence the IOT connectivities this
is what the next generation 100
buildings of machine-to-machine
communication will comfortable okay and
more than the consumer market go to the
industry market and so on thank you very
much